hello honey it's sipping again yes and
this is another tutorial about how to
help yourself when you get yourself into
trouble okay in this case your car
battery is dead
you know the manifestations every one of
us drivers have you know gone through it
you sit in your car all confidence pull
the you know pull out the key pull the
key in the lock turn the key and it's
dead in the best when the car battery is
dead you know the signal lamps go on and
they go off and it's dead when the
nervous part is gone you know when you
go oh my god what am I going to do you
know and so on then it's time to help
yourself so the first thing you do after
your car battery is dead is to stop
someone on the road okay on the road on
the parking lot you have a good chance
of stopping someone you will be you
maybe will wait a little bit but someone
will stop eventually
so the first thing you will need to
jumpstart your car are these two okay
these are jumper start cables you all
know what they are if you don't know
these things are how should I put it
you can't jumpstart your car without
them they do not serve you know to paint
yourself you know they're not so for
that kind of stupid purposes they serve
to jumpstart the car okay you will need
two of them one is one is red one is
black so without this you can't
jumpstart your car always have them in
the car you know this is like a spare
tire or a car jack or as you've seen in
the for more tutorials always have them
in the car and have a good jumper cables
do not do not have bad jumper cables or
you will not start your car okay then
you can use the jumper cables as I've
shown you you know you can you can pinch
yourself by the S or so on okay so your
car is dead it won't start okay and
someone has stopped and wants to help
you the next thing you do is to park
your car something like this does not
have to be exactly like this the point
is to put the cars as near as possible
where the batteries are in
keys on the front left side is the
battery from one car and on the rear
right side is the other battery so you
want to park them as near as possible
this can be sideways which is in this
case it can be across one another or so
on
okay here's me again with the cables
again okay so this is the tricky part
here's the battery from the car that's
good you can see me can't you the first
thing you do as you know a battery has
two terminals okay the plus and the
minus don't forget it the first thing
you do is take one cable this is the one
cable do not take two cables at the same
time so take the plus cable first the
red one
okay and put it on the plus terminal put
on the plus make sure always that the
other cable is either in on in your
hands or put aside okay
this cable if it touches the metal on
the engine or on the chassis okay it
will make a short circuit you know and
you'll make yourself a lot of trouble so
the plus terminal we put it together
then we go on the plus terminal on the
other car okay here it goes
here it is that's that complicated
operation logically
you'll need another cable this is the
minus cable okay so we put it on one car
here it is and we put it on the other
car please do not mix up the cables is
so please you know look 20 times if you
have to do not mix the cables because
you have a good possibility of seriously
damaging your car okay so this is how
it's supposed to look
plus goes on plus minus goes on - be
sure that the cables aren't you know
like this or like that put them in a
safe distance from the engine on one or
the other car okay do not make a mistake
and put it well up where the belts on
no I'll our baby
the first thing to do when you take one
don't do anything with it start the car
which the battery is okay you know that
the car will have more power
okay so what to do you fit into five
parts the part we catch the bird battery
okay
the better he sits in the car and start
hurt this car okay
you can do a little things you know
other cyclists are especially if it's
winter or something like the guys
and that one part the part hopefully
okay the next thing to do is turn the
engine off so now we have started the
other car what you do when you start the
other car is go go a counter of what you
did the last time okay go in reverse so
the first thing you do take the plus
from one car take the plus from other
car and set it aside
the second thing you do take one - one -
take the other - and set it aside
always be careful as I said for the
cables not to go inside around the
engine okay where the belts are so you
won't cause any hazard you probably
wonder what I am doing in a tree okay
this is illustration of what happens to
you if you do not have a jumper starts
cables okay the next thing you do when
you do not have these cables no so you
don't have them climb up a tree and yell
as hard as you can for help because
nothing else will save you on the road
so everything that we said in the video
tutorial will be published on our
websites car repair guide dot org okay
there is a step by step procedure about
everything we do in our video tutorials
in the site as I tell you as I tell you
every time there are useful tips about
how to fix your car what to do with your
car when you have simple car problems
some things you can do around the car
that you don't have to give money for
and that you can do you know to make
yourself independent on the road that's
all for this time I hope we will see
each other in the next tutorial